Authentication/README.md, before:

This README.md is about achieving the perfect authentication and authorization
Included Topics - User Registeration - User Login - User Logout - User Roles
General Flow - Use case diagram
Research Status code further
https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-status-codes
https://pandaquests.medium.com/advanced-techniques-for-secure-authentication-and-authorization-in-node-js-applications-446e55cd18d

- User Registeration
  - we receive name, email, pw, etc from client be it front-end or postman
  - we check whether those fields are valid -- VALIDATION
  - we check whether the user is already registered
  - IF NOT, We return a bad request error
  - IF So,
    - Create User
    - Hash password, suggested approach --> userSchema.pre("save", hashpw_fn)
      - using bcryptjs
    - we create an access token for the user using jwt -- userSchema.methods.createToken
    - we send the response back to the user with the token included
- User Login
  - We receive email/id/phone_num and password from the user
  - we check whether those fields are valid or non-empty -- VALIDATION
  - we check whether the email is registered in the db
    - IF NOT, we return unauthorized error
    - IF SO, we compare passwords using bcryptjs
      - IF they DON'T MATCH we send unauthorized error
      - IF THEY MATCH we send back the response with the token included -- userSchema.methods.createToken
        - access token
        - refresh token
        - cookie

* User logout
  - If cookies don't contain cookie?
    - No , all good
    - Yes, find refresh token in the db
      - if not found? all good
      - if found
        - delete refresh token from db
        - clear jwt token from the cookies

Commit message:

Added auth mw, git markdown, hosting

Authentication/README.md, after:

This README.md is about achieving the perfect authentication and authorization
Included Topics - User Registeration - User Login - User Logout - User Roles - User Auth MW
General Flow - Use case diagram
Research Status code further
https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-status-codes
https://pandaquests.medium.com/advanced-techniques-for-secure-authentication-and-authorization-in-node-js-applications-446e55cd18d

- User Registeration
  - we receive name, email, pw, etc from client be it front-end or postman
  - we check whether those fields are valid -- VALIDATION
  - we check whether the user is already registered
  - IF NOT, We return a bad request error
  - IF So,
    - Create User
    - Hash password, suggested approach --> userSchema.pre("save", hashpw_fn)
      - using bcryptjs
    - we create an access token for the user using jwt -- userSchema.methods.createToken
    - we send the response back to the user with the token included
- User Login
  - We receive email/id/phone_num and password from the user
  - we check whether those fields are valid or non-empty -- VALIDATION
  - we check whether the email is registered in the db
    - IF NOT, we return unauthorized error
    - IF SO, we compare passwords using bcryptjs
      - IF they DON'T MATCH we send unauthorized error
      - IF THEY MATCH we send back the response with the token included -- userSchema.methods.createToken
        - access token
        - refresh token
        - cookie

* User Authentication middleware

  - Intercept user request
  - check headers for token
  - if not included or doesn't start with "Bearer "
    - throw unauth error
  - if included, verify the token using jwt
    - if not verifiable, unauth error
    - if so,
      - attach user to req body with or without find it by id through db
      - call next
  - app.use(/api/v1/jobs, authMW, jobsRouter);

* User logout
  - If cookies don't contain cookie?
    - No , all good
    - Yes, find refresh token in the db
      - if not found? all good
      - if found
        - delete refresh token from db
        - clear jwt token from the cookies
